hey how's gone
Dave 2d here so LG just announced their
v40 thin queue their new 5 camera
flagship phone and I've only had mine
for a couple days but I thought to give
some early impressions on this device
the main feature about this thing is the
5 cameras there's 3 cameras in the back
2 cameras up front and the 3 in the back
have 3 different zoom so as your
standard lens a zoom lens and then a
wide-angle so LG's two camera phones
usually have a standard and then a
wide-angle that's kind of what made LG's
phone's unique in the sense that they
just had instead of a zoom lens they
would have a wide-angle to kind of give
you a wider perspective of what if
you're shooting which I've always liked
but they now added this third lens a
zoom lens so now this camera has a huge
gamut of focal lengths to choose from
when you take photos the other thing is
they actually have a triple shot
function so when you take a photo you
can preview all three lenses at once you
can kind of choose which focal length
you prefer so obviously having three
camera lenses isn't super useful for
everybody but it's something that allows
you to just kind of compose your shots a
little bit better I'm not a huge
photographer but there's one thing I'll
say for sure if you're ever taking a
photo instead of just moving up and
moving away from your subject to kind of
reframe or just kind of compose your
shots better this just makes it a lot
more easier and convenient the other two
of the five cameras are for the
front-facing camera so you can have your
regular selfie or kind of like a wider
angle selfie which I've assuming is for
group selfies and stuff like that now I
never thought I'd see the day where I
would think that having five cameras was
useful and realistically speaking this
is not something that I think everyone
should be aiming for and I feel like
some of the phones out there are just
over the top in terms of camera count
but with these particular cameras the
three on the back and the two up front
it just makes sense it's not useful for
everybody but at least there's utility
for every single one of those cameras
another feature on the v40 is what they
call cine shot it's basically a Cinna
graph making function and you take a
video mask out the section that you want
to keep moving and now you've created a
cine graph my experience with this
particular application wasn't amazing Oh
difficult to use and it's not something
that looks particularly amazing like if
you've seen Cinna graphs that are made
by more professional software you can
get stuff that looks amazing like Peter
McKinnon has a really cool tutorial on
how to make this stuff they can look
incredible but you're somewhat limited
as to
good they look coming out of the v40 the
other thing you need to keep in mind is
that there are applications out there
like if you have another phone
that's not the v40 there are apps out
there they can simulate this process as
well so it's not like this is the only
way to create Cinna graphs on your phone
there are apps that can do what this
thing has built in the audio Hardware on
the v40 is strong again this year as you
would expect it's got that 32 bit DAC
it's got a headphone jack obviously and
includes some headphones in the box the
speaker is unfortunately a mono speaker
it's something I didn't expect because
so many other flagship this year are now
running stereo speakers this is still
running a mono speaker it is running the
boombox technologies that they've
carried over from the LG G 7 so they
basically used the empty space inside
the device as a resonance chamber to amp
up the bass it does sound like stronger
bass but because there's a mono speaker
you are limited as to like the overall
sound quality it's loud and the bass is
relatively clean but it's still a mono
speaker so the way that I've noticed
that is if you use this just like to
fill a room with sound it's not bad but
if you're just using it as personal
audio it's still coming from that one
side and that's well that's something I
don't love the screen this year is a six
point four inch 1440p OLED panel and it
looks really nice it looks better than
the g7 screen for sure that's an IPS
panel this has a kick-ass OLED panel
unfortunately it has a notch it's not a
big notch but it's still a notch you can
hide it in software and because it's an
OLED panel the blacks match relatively
well but in the back of your mind you
still know that has a notch now it
doesn't bug me that much I'm used to not
just at this point but for people that
just really dislike notches it has one
the bezels around the device are also
not super thin like we've seen other
devices out there that have thinner
bezels and same with the chin not super
thick but it is there I do think that
the screen overall looks really nice
though it's got great viewing angles
it's everything you'd expect from a high
quality OLED panel okay
this device comes at a steep price
though and I think that is the kind of
overwhelming problem with the v40 not
that it's a problem with the phone but
it's more of a problem with the timing
of their launch this goes for $900 and
it's near the end of the year or at
least it's the fall of 2018 if this
device came out in the spring I mean
that's not when the V phones launch but
if it had come out then it would have
been very price competitive with all the
kind of like spring launch phones but
because we have so many comparable
devices on the market right now and some
of them drop down in price because of
their launch timing it's difficult for
people to look at this phone and be like
hey this is the phone that is worth the
$900 not that it's a bad phone it's just
the timing of its launch personally I
think there's two main features on this
thing that make it really unique the
five cameras particularly that triple
shot on the back and the high quality
audio from the 32 bit deck so if you're
someone that's interested in music and
high fidelity audio definitely check out
this phone there are some other unique
features like the Google assistant
launcher like it's a dedicated button
which we've seen on the g7 and just the
kind of form factor this thing is not
common but those two main features are
what you should be kind of looking for
if you're gonna purchase his phone
because it's relatively expensive I
think it's a good phone I just wish it
was released earlier this year okay hope
you guys enjoy this video thumbs we
liked it
subs we loved it see you guys next time
[Music]